So one of the most common interview questions I get and it's sort of a a basic problem to really make
sure that you understand what's going on here and Javascript is what is the difference between double
eagles and triple equals in jobs.
Now they ask this question not because a super complex but because is unique to javascript for the most
part.
And your answer should be something like this.
Well double equals is comparing just the value while triple equals is comparing the value and the type.
And an example of that would be a string five double equals to a number 5 would return true while a
string five triples equals to a number five would return false because the type and the value are different.
And just the type or just the value being the same is not enough.
And to elaborate even further I would say that it is good programming convention to only use SHIBLEE
goals because we want to write our code in the strictest fashion possible.
So a couple of things to note from that is one we answered it fully right.
We didn't just say we gave examples we we we reiterated it and we also you know wanted to you know talk
about good conventions right.
So it gives you a good opportunity to sort of showcase a little bit of knowledge in that aspect.
Let's go ahead and give an example in the code now.
All right so when it comes to W who is terribly close to just cancel logs and values.
So in my example I said five is equal to five.
You're going to see that that is in fact true.
And if we did the same thing with a triple equals you would see that this is false because in searches
comparing just the values while in Tripoli Eagles we are stricter in comparing the type and the values.
Now one follow up question you might get to this is how do you think this happens in the background
when we're working with double equals.
I kind of stumbled on this when I first asked me but the the answer is Well it probably parses it or
it converts the value to a string such as a number five to a string of problems just call to string
on both ends of it and sees if they are in fact the same.
That's another follow up question you might get about this.